# Lunar Example Consumer App (Python)

This application is designed to demonstrate the use of Lunar Interceptor within a Python environment. Ensure you have Lunar Proxy running and properly configured to intercept and analyze the HTTP traffic generated by this app.
The Cat Fact API is provided by https://catfact.ninja/fact and is subject to its availability and rate limiting.

## Installation

Before proceeding, verify that Python is installed on your system. This application is designed to be compatible with Python 3.x versions.

### Install Dependencies

The application requires certain Python packages to function correctly. To install these dependencies, navigate to your project's root directory and execute the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This command will install all necessary packages as listed in the `requirements.txt` file. If your project does not specifically require additional packages beyond the standard library for this example, you might not need to perform this step.

## Configuration

To integrate the app with the Lunar Proxy, it's necessary to configure the `LUNAR_PROXY_HOST` environment variable. This variable informs the app about the Lunar Proxy's network address and port.

Set this environment variable in your terminal session as follows:

```bash
export LUNAR_PROXY_HOST="localhost:8000"
```

Ensure to replace `"localhost:8000"` with the actual host and port where your Lunar Proxy is running. The value assigned to `LUNAR_PROXY_HOST` should only include the hostname and port, without the `HTTP` prefix. For example, use `localhost:8000` and not `http://localhost:8000`.

## Running the Application

Once the environment variable is set, the application is ready to be executed. Run the app using the following command:

```bash
python main.py
```
